so so you know very possibly I would
have started you know with the head so
the head again so the neck stretching
out this side is bending so if we're
seeing the neck so what happens in a
bend is that is that one side has to let
go in order to let the other side Bend
and so what you'll quite often see then
are little creases that indicate to you
that a bend is taking place so so that's
what I know has to be happening on that
neck and in fact if you get over and
really look at this drawing you'll see
just those same lines so this side of
the neck is letting go this side is
bending very very simple but a real
universal thing okay so the same thing
is happening in in the body so what's
happening is that this side this side of
the body is letting go and it's
important that when you that when you
begin that you really see allow yourself
to make a sweep a gestural line that
describes what's happening because what
will happen in any kind of a band is
that one side has to let go and then
what happens is that all this complex
information of the shoulders and all the
anatomical information is going to be
doing something very predictable so what
happens is that this side is going to is
going to bend the hip is actually
overlapping so what we have is this this
feeling of one side letting go this side
bending the fact that the hip is coming
over this this part of the the ribcage
then we know that this is in front of
that so that's a very simple thing it's
telling us you know you could follow the
the center line there which is the spine
and then and then what we're seeing
because the whole toch is tilted up
we're seeing underneath this underneath
plane of the tush so then we come round
out the tush and again so we're seeing
underneath so then that becomes this
whole plane we're looking up up
underneath it the sacrum very very
simple bring this down just just a just
a tad you know and then what would
happen in attaching it so you're taking
all this very complex information and
simplifying it so what's happening is
that then this is all going back so that
that part of the leg all going back and
then this part of the leg coming forward
so in order to create the feeling of the
fact that that's going back that's going
back this is coming forward you have to
really believe it in the way that you
draw it is to be thinking of this as a
cylinder and thinking of that as a
cylinder